Do you have enough free time?
Do you have free time on Sundays?
Do you have much free time during the day?
Do you have much free time in the evenings?
Do you have much free time in the mornings?
Do you like to watch movies? (...like to play tennis, ...)
What are you doing this weekend?
What did you do last summer vacation?
What did you do last weekend?
What do you do in your free time?
What hobbies do you have?
When do you have free time? (How do you spend your free time?)
Where do you spend your free time?
Who do you spend your free time with?
How do you like to spend your free time?
going shopping? going to the cinema? chatting? playing computer games going to the disco? playing sports?reading? relaxing?
If you had more free time, what would you do with it?
Tell me about some good places to hang out. Why are they good?
Where do young people in this country usually spend their free time?
Would you like to have more free time? What would you like to give up so that you could have more free time?
How do the women in your family usually spend their free time?
How do the men in your family usually spend their free time?
Do men and women spend their free time differently? How?
If it were suddenly announced that tomorrow was a national holiday, what would you do?
What do you do on Saturdays?
Do people's leisure time activities change as they get older? How?
Who do you like to spend your leisure time with? What do you usually do?
Do you like gossiping in your free time? Who do you gossip with? Who do you gossip about?
What do you really hate having to do in your free time?
What new activity would you like to try doing in your free time?
Do you ever feel that you waste your free time? How? What can you do about this?
Do you find that your works or studies takes up your free time?
Are there any activities that you used to do but don't do anymore? Why did you stop?
going shopping? going to the cinema? chatting? playing computer games going to the disco? playing sports?reading? relaxing?Why are they good?What would you like to give up so that you could have more free time?What do you usually do?Who do you gossip with? Who do you gossip about?What can you do about this?Why did you stop?Do you have a hobby?
What are your hobbies?
How long have you had your hobby?
Which hobbies are the most expensive?
Which hobbies are the cheapest?
Which hobbies cost nothing at all?
Which hobbies are the most popular in your country?
Is hunting a hobby or a sport in your country?
Which hobbies are the most popular with women in your country? With men?
Did you have any hobbies when you were a child?
Can you think of any hobbies which are popular with children and adults?
Do you think a hobby is different from a sport?
Are there any hobbies you would like to try?
Are there any dangerous hobbies?
Are there any hobbies you can do in other countries, but not your own?
Which hobbies do you think are the most difficult?
