Can you tell me something about yourself?
What do you know about our organization?
Why do you want to work for us?
What can you do for us that someone else can't?
What do you find most attractive about this position? What seems least attractive about it?
Why should we hire you?
What do you look for in a job?
Please give me your definition of the position for which you are being interviewed.
How long would it take you to make a meaningful contribution to our firm?
How long would you stay with us?
Your resume suggests that you may be over-qualified or too experienced for this position. What's your opinion?
What is your management style?
Are you a good manager? Can you give me some examples? Do you feel that you have top managerial potential?
What do you look for when you hire people?
Have you ever had to fire people? What were the reasons?How did you handle the situation?
What do you think is the most difficult thing about being a manager or executive?
What important trends do you see in our industry?
Why are you leaving (did you leave) your present (last) job?
How do you feel about leaving all your benefits to find a new job?
In your current (last) position, what features do (did) you like the most? The least?
What do you think of your boss?
Why aren't you earning more at your age?
What do you feel this position should pay?
What are your long-range goals?
How successful have you been so far?
Why do you want to work for this company?
What high school did you attend?
Are you married? Can you tell me about your family?
Why did you leave your last job?
 What are your long-range career objectives?
What would you like to do in the future?
What do you do in your free time?
Are you qualified for this position?
How well do you work with people?
What is a good working environment for you?
Why should I hire you?
What was a movie you saw recently that impressed you?
Do you enjoy traveling?
Why do you think we should hire you for this job?
What seems least attractive about it?Can you give me some examples? Do you feel that you have top managerial potential?What were the reasons?How did you handle the situation?