Are you a member of a health spa or gym?
Are you afraid of needles?
Are you healthy?
Are your parents healthy?
Do think that you need to lose weight?
Do you always eat healthy food?
Do you bruise easily?
Do you catch a cold more than once a year?
Do you consider alcohol a drug?
Do you drink a lot?
Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Do you eat lots of fruit?
Do you eat vegetables every day?
Do you ever get headaches? Do you know anyone who suffers from migraine headaches?
Do you ever read magazines or news articles about health? If yes, what subject(s) do you find the most interesting?
Do you exercise?What kind of exercise do you do?How often do you exercise?
Do you go for regular medical check-ups?
Do you go to the dentist's twice a year?
Do you have a lot of stress?
Do you normally go one doctor in particular or any available doctor?
Do you have any allergies?
Do you have any scars?Where are they? Would you like to show them to the class?
Do you know anyone who suffers from backaches?
Do you know anyone with false teeth?
Do you often eat fast food?
Do you smoke?If so, do you smoke more than two cigarettes a day?Do you think smoking is not bad for your health?
Do you take medicine when you are sick?
Do you take vitamins or mineral supplements?
Do you take vitamins?
Do you think it is unhealthy to keep a cat in your home?
Do you think nuclear power is safe?
Do you think pets are good for a person's health
Do you think that the tobacco companies should be held reasonably responsible for a person's addiction to nicotine?
Do you think you are overweight?
Do you think you will live until a ripe old age? Why or why not?
Do you think you would be a good surgeon? Why or why not?
Do you use an alarm clock to wake up?
Do you usually get enough sleep?
Do you watch your weight? What foods do you think are healthy?
Have you ever been hospitalized?(Have you ever been in the hospital?)
Have you ever been to an acupuncturist? What do you think of acupuncture?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Have you ever burned yourself with hot water?
Have you ever donated blood?
Have you ever gotten a black eye?
Have you ever had braces on your teeth?
Have you ever had stitches?
Have you ever sprained your ankle?
Have you ever taken a sleeping pill to get to sleep?
How can you reduce stress in your life?
How have you been feeling lately?
How many hours of sleep do you get a night?
How many hours of sleep do you usually get?
How often do you eat junk food?What kinds of junk food do you eat?
How often do you exercise?
How often do you get a cold?(How often do you catch a cold?)
How often do you get sick in one year?
How often do you go to the doctor's?
How often is garbage collected in your neighborhood?
How would you recommend treating a cold?
If a company sells the public a product they know to be harmful or addictive, should they be held responsible for the use of that product even if the government approves it?
If you smoke, how old were you when you started smoking?
If you were President of Korea, what would you do to improve Koreans' health?
Should smoking in restaurants be banned?
What are some things people can do to keep healthy?
What are some things that cause stress?
What are some ways to deal with stress?
What are some ways you know that you can personally keep yourself healthy?
What disease frightens you the most? Why?
What do you do to stay healthy?(What are some things you do to keep healthy?)
What do you do, if you can't get to sleep?
What do you think about abortion? Why do some people support it and others are against it?
What do you think about getting old?
What do you think is the most serious health problem in Korea?
What do you think of cosmetic surgery? Do you know anyone who has had cosmetic surgery? Would you ever consider having cosmetic surgery?
What drinks to you think are healthy? What drinks do you think are unhealthy?
What foods to you think are healthy? What foods do you think are unhealthy?
What is the best way to find a doctor, if you're new in the area?
What is the best way to stop smoking?
What is the most horrible accident you have ever had?
What is the average age of people in your country
What kind of pollution is the most risky?
What time did you go to bed when you were a child?
What's the best way to stop smoking?
What's the highest temperature you've ever had?
What's your blood type?
When did you last take a bath?
When was the last time you went to a dentist?
When was the last time you went to a doctor?
When was the last time you went to a hospital?
When was the last time you were sick?
When you were in high school, how many days of school did you miss each year because of sickness?
Who do you think is responsible for the care of your health--you yourself, your parents, or your doctor and medical people?
Who is the healthiest person in your family? Who is the least healthy?
Why do people smoke?
Would you consider donating your organs after your death?
What is the health service like in your country?
What do you think of the health service in this country?
How can the health service be improved?
Have you been to hospital since you arrived here?
What do you know about the SARS virus?What do you know about AIDS?What do you know about the common cold?
What is alternative medicine?Have you ever practiced alternative medicine?
What treatments or remedies do you follow when you have a cold?
which kind of medicine do you prefer to take when you are sick?
How often do you clean your bathroom?
Do you clean as often as your parent cleaned when you were a child?
Which parent did/does most of the cleaning in your household?
How old were you when you had start helping with the dishes/laundry/vacuuming/dusting/?
Were the chores divided equally between men and women?
Do people in your country usually wear deodorant?
How often do people in your country shower?
Have you ever ended a relationship because your partner cleaned too much or too little?
Have you ever ended a relationship because your partner had bad hygiene?
Do you enjoy cleaning? Which kind of cleaning do you enjoy most?
How often do you brush your teeth?
Have you ever swept something under the rug?
Do you use strong cleaners like bleach and ammonia?
Have you ever bought a miracle cleaner from a TV infomercial?
What's the best way to get stains out?
What alternative health therapies do you know about?
Have you ever tried any alternative health therapies?
Do you think traditional medicine is a good alternative to modern medicine?
In what circumstances should traditional or alternative medicine be used?
Do you think traditional therapies are compatible with modern medicine? Why or why not?
What are the advantages or disadvantages of modern medicine?
What are the advantages or disadvantages of traditional medicine?
What do you complain of?
What is wrong with you?
Have you any appetite?
How long have you been ill?
Have you any pain the back of your head?
How long has it been since you began to feel bad?
Have you a bitter taste in your mouth?
Do you feel nauseous?
Do you sleep well?
Is it hard to swallow?
Do we need to eat as much junk food as we do?
Have you ever realized during a dream that it is a dream; and have you then been able to change events in that dream?
Do you think the government is doing all it can to prevent disease?
What do you think of wellness institutions and their programs?
How do you deal with stress?
 Do you know anyone who suffers from migraine headaches?What kind of exercise do you do?How often do you exercise?Where are they? Would you like to show them to the class?If so, do you smoke more than two cigarettes a day?Do you think smoking is not bad for your health?(Have you ever been in the hospital?)What kinds of junk food do you eat?(How often do you catch a cold?)(What are some things you do to keep healthy?)What do you know about AIDS?What do you know about the common cold?Have you ever practiced alternative medicine?