Do you smoke?
If you smoke, how much do you smoke in a day?
If you smoke, when did you start doing it?
If you smoke, why did you start? What was the reason?
Have you ever smoked cigarettes? A cigar? A pipe? 
How much does it cost to smoke?
How much does it cost to smoke in your country?
Some countries put a high tax on tobacco products to discourage smoking. Do you think this is fair to smokers?
Do you think a high tax on cigarettes encourages people to quit?
What are the advantages of smoking, in your opinion?
What are some health problems that smoking can cause?
Does smoking make you more handsome or beautiful?
Does smoking give you a better image or make you look more sophisticated?
Do you think cigarettes make a person look older and more mature?
Can cigarette smoking age an adult so they look older than they really are?
Are you be attracted to people who smoke? Why or why not?
Have you ever known anyone with "smoker's cough"?
Have you ever known anyone who has died from diseases related to smoking?
How do you feel about women smoking?
How do you feel about children smoking?
What is the youngest age that a person should be allowed to smoke?
Can people smoke anywhere in your country? Are there any restrictions?Do you know what the laws are here about smoking in public places?
Where can people smoke in your school?What happens to students who smoke at your school? Do you think students should be allowed to smoke at school?
Is it a good thing for people to quit smoking?Would they like to quit smoking?
Do you worry about people who smoke?
Do other members of your family or friends smoke? How long have they been smoking? Why did they begin?
Is it easy to quit smoking?
What is the best way to quit?Have you, your family or friends ever tried to quit smoking?Do you know anyone who has successfully quit smoking?How did they do it?
What do you think about the fact that the percentage of smokers in many countries is going down, but in China and some other countries the percentage of smokers is going up. In your opinion, why is this happening? Is it a good thing?
How are tobacco products advertised in your country? Is it legal to show cigarette ads on TV? In magazines? On billboards?
Do you think the production and sale of tobacco products should be made illegal? Why or why not?

Do you find people smoking in public annoying?
Should there be restrictions on smoking in public? What kind of restrictions?




If you can think of another good question for this list, please add it.
http://iteslj.org/questions/Copyright © 1997-2010 by The Internet TESL Journal
if(top.location!=self.location){top.location=self.location}
questionsmessage();
Do you think this is fair to smokers?Are there any restrictions?Do you know what the laws are here about smoking in public places?What happens to students who smoke at your school? Do you think students should be allowed to smoke at school?Would they like to quit smoking?
Do you worry about people who smoke?How long have they been smoking? Why did they begin?What is the best way to quit?Have you, your family or friends ever tried to quit smoking?Do you know anyone who has successfully quit smoking?How did they do it? In your opinion, why is this happening? Is it a good thing?Is it legal to show cigarette ads on TV? In magazines? On billboards?
Do you think the production and sale of tobacco products should be made illegal? Why or why not?

Do you find people smoking in public annoying?
Should there be restrictions on smoking in public? What kind of restrictions?


