Do you have a pet?
How old is it?
Where did you get it from?
Who takes care of it?
What does it look like (color, breed, etc.)?
What do you feed it?
Do you play with it?
What is it's name? How did you choose this name?
Does it know any tricks or understand any words?
If you don't have a pet, why not?
Would you ever consider getting a pet?
Did you grow up with pets in your home?
What are the pros and cons of keeping a pet?
What is the best pet to own?
What are some animals that live in your country?
Are there animal rights groups where you live?
Are you afraid of snakes? What is the biggest snake you have seen? Are there any poisonous snakes in your country?
Are you frightened of spiders? What do you do if you see one?
Can you name some endangered species?
Have you ever ridden a horse?
Are there birds or squirrels in your neighborhood?
Do you know someone who owns an unusual pet?
Do you think it is acceptable to test cosmetics on animals?
How do you feel about the use of animals for medical research?
Do you think it is okay to eat meat? Do you know any vegetarians?
Is there any kind of meat you would not eat?
What kind of meats have you eaten?
Have you ever been to a zoo?
Are there laws about hunting in your country?
What do you think of hunting? Would you eat an animal that you killed yourself?
Do you think it's okay to free animals that have been in captivity all their lives? Why or why not?
Do you think people should buy and wear fur coats?
Do you think that animals dream?
Have you ever been bitten by a dog? Have you been stung by a bee?
Have you ever been to a farm? What animals did you see there?
Have you ever been to a horse race?
Have you ever eaten rabbit meat? Have you eaten octopus?
Have you ever seen a dog that helps people, such as one to assist a blind person or a policeman?
If so, what did you notice about the dog?
How do you think that dog was trained?
What animals do you think are cute?
What animals do you think are ugly?
What can children learn by having a pet?
What is the largest animal you have ever seen?
Why do some people not like pets?
What can people learn from animals?
Does feeding an animal bring you happiness?
If you saw a stranger drowning, and you also saw your pet drowning, and you could only save one, who would you save? What would most people choose?
Can people be too attached to their pets?
Do you think animals have souls?
Do you think it is right to keep wild animals in captivity all there life
Is it morally right to spend a lot of money on pets, rather than helping people in need?
Why are pets, not people used for medical research?
What is your favorite animal?
Have you ever had a pet?
What kind of pet would you like to have in the future?
Have you ever been to the zoo? What animals did you see there?
Have you ever been on a farm? What animals did you see there?
Do you ever bird watch?
Do you think people should wear fur coats?
Should animals be kept in a zoo?
Do you know any endangered species?
Do you consider yourself an animal lover?
Do bats help people?
What animal is liked to be petted?
 Do you think the most important thing by which psychopaths can be recognized is their attitude toward animals? Explain why.
 Do you think it is a good pattern in general to judge people by their attitude toward animals? Explain why.
What kind of animals do humans ride?
Are you afraid of snakes?
Are you frightened of spiders?
Are your pet(s) healthy?
Can you ride a horse?
Do you ever go bird watching?
Do you ever talk to your pet? If so, what do you say?
Do you have a cat?
Do you have a dog? If so, what's your dog's name?
Do you have any pets?If not, would you like to have a pet?Have you ever had a pet?
Do you know anyone who has a horse?
Do you know anyone who keeps their dog in their house?
Do you love your pet?
Do you prefer dogs or cats?
Do you talk to your pet sometimes?
Do you think it is acceptable to test cosmetics on animals?How do you feel about the use of animals for medical research?
Do you think it is okay to eat meat?Is there any kind of meat you would not eat?
Do you think it is right to keep wild animals in a zoo?
Do you think that animals dream?
Do your pets have special behavior problems?How do you deal with those problems?
Have you ever been bitten by a dog?
Have you ever been bitten by a snake?
Have you ever been to a farm?
Have you ever been to a zoo? What animals did you see there?
Have you ever eaten rabbit meat?
Have you ever gambled on a horse race?
Have you ever given your pet a bath?
Have you ever had a pet? / Have you ever had any pets?
Have you ever ridden a horse? How about a camel?
Have you ever seen a bullfight?
Have you ever seen a dog race?
Have you ever seen a dog that helps people, such as one to help a blind person?If so, what did you notice about the dog?How do you think that dog was trained?Have you ever seen a "therapy dog?"
How long do you think a dog can live without food?
How many birds do you know that can't fly?
How many legs does a spider have? How about a squid?
How many national animal preserves do you have in your country?Are there any animal preserves around here?
How many pets have you had?
How many pets have you raised and what are they?
How many zoos have you been to?
How much does it cost to keep your pet?
If you could be an animal, what would you (choose to) be? Why?
If you don't keep pets, please explain why?
Is is right to keep animals in a zoo?
Is it harmful for a dog to travel in cabin on a airline under the seat where your carry-on bags go?
Pets are considered to be a burden to most of the city dwellers. To what extent do you agree?
Some people think that people shouldn't wear animal furs. Do you agree? Why or why not?
Think of some people you know. Which animals do they resemble?
What animal do you think is the funniest?
What animal do you think is the strangest-looking?
What animal do you think makes the best pet? Why?
What animal would you like to be? (Which animal...?)
What animals are symbols of your country?
What animals are you afraid of? (...scared of?)
What animals do you think are cute?What animal do you think is the cutest?
What animals do you think are scary?
What animals do you think is the most dangerous?
What are some popular pets?
What are the most popular pets in your country?
What are the pros and cons of keeping a pet?(Why are there so many people who are willing to sacrifice their time and money to raise a pet?) 
What can children learn by having a pet?What are some things a child can learn by having a pet?
What do you think of animals being raised in captivity?
What is one of your favorite animals?Why do you like it?Do you have one for a pet?
What is the difference between a pet and a wild animal?
What is the most unusual pet you have ever seen?
What is your favorite animal?Why is it your favorite animal?Would you like keep it as your pet, why or why not? 
What joy does your pet bring you?Are you the one who takes care of it every day?How do you take care of it? If you don't take care of it, who does? 
What kind of animal would you like to be?
Do bats make good pets?
What animals like to be petted?
What kind of dog do you have?
What kind of master would you like to have if you were a pet?
What particular animals have become famous in your country for some special skill or accomplishment?
What wild animals can you see around here?
When was the last time you went to a zoo?
Where is the nearest zoo to your house?How often do you visit that zoo?When was the last time you went there?How much does it cost to get in?
Why do people have pets? / Why do people keep pets?
Would you recommend that others keep pets similar to yours?
Should we feed our pets unhealthy but tasty treats?What's more important, their health or their happiness?
In your opinion, why do some people like to have unusual pets?
Do you think dogs should be banned or muzzled?
Would you want to see aggressive dogs muzzled or banned?
In your country, what kind of dog laws are there?
If dogs are man's best friend, as the saying goes, is banning dogs a friendly act?
What is a safari?Would you go on a safari?
Have you ever hurt an animal?Was it intentional or unintentional?
Do you know of any websites for people that want to keep animals as pets?How about websites for people who are against animal rights?Do you think keeping an animal as a pet is a violation of that animal's rights?
Do you know any animals that you think are being treated badly or unfairly?If so, how do you think you can help?
What do you think would animals say
about humans if they could make a documentary movie about humans?
What is a breed?
What breeds can you name?
What does AKC stand for?
What is a standard for a dog breed?
What is dog intelligence?
Which dog breed do you think is the most intelligent and which the dumbest?
What is the role of an Alpha dog in a pack?
 Do you think it is a good pattern in general to judge people by their attitude toward animals? Explain why.Do bats help people?
If not, would you like to have a pet?Have you ever had a pet?How do you feel about the use of animals for medical research?Is there any kind of meat you would not eat?How do you deal with those problems?If so, what did you notice about the dog?How do you think that dog was trained?Have you ever seen a "therapy dog?"Are there any animal preserves around here?What animal do you think is the cutest?(Why are there so many people who are willing to sacrifice their time and money to raise a pet?) Why do you like it?Do you have one for a pet?Why is it your favorite animal?Would you like keep it as your pet, why or why not? Are you the one who takes care of it every day?How do you take care of it? If you don't take care of it, who does? How often do you visit that zoo?When was the last time you went there?How much does it cost to get in?What's more important, their health or their happiness?Would you go on a safari?Was it intentional or unintentional?How about websites for people who are against animal rights?Do you think keeping an animal as a pet is a violation of that animal's rights?If so, how do you think you can help?