What do you do to relax after working hard or experiencing other challenging or stressful situations?
Do you think life is more stressful today than fifty years ago? Than one hundred years ago? Than in the distant past?
Has life been more stressful for you in Canada or in the country where you lived before? Why?
Have you ever practiced yoga? If so, when was it, who was your teacher? What was your experience like?
Have you ever done meditation? If so, who was the teacher and what was their instruction? What was your experience?
In what ways are mind and body connected?
Can you give some examples of how mind and body are connected, from your own experience.
What is stress?
What causes stress?
How does stress affect you?
Do you have a kind of red warning flag that indicates too much stress?
When you are stressful, how do you feel physically? Do you feel tired during the day? Can you sleep well at night? Does your stomach hurt?
When you are stressed, how do you feel emotionally? Do you feel nervous or worried about the stressful situation? Do you get angry easily? 
Have you ever helped someone who was feeling stressed? What did you do? What kind of advice did you give them? Did you listen to them? Who did most of the talking? Did you take some actions to help them? If so, what were they?
Have you ever helped someone that you didn't know?
What are qualities of a good counselor? Is it necessary to have shared the same experience? Is it important to be an expert? Is it better to listen or to talk a lot when you counsel someone?
Do you think stress is ever good, useful, or necessary? Why or why not?
Do you play games, sports or do other activities that can be stressful?
Is stress good before an exam? In what situations can stress be a good thing? Does stress ever make you feel more alive?
If you are playing a sport and your team is losing, does it give you extra energy?
Is your home life stressful? Can you relax at home?
Do you enjoy having discussions about politics with other people who have different opinions?
Personal Stress
Have you felt stress recently?
Did the stressful feeling last a long time or a short time?
Had the cause of the stress happened to you before or was this a new situation?
How often do you think you feel too much stress?
Do you feel too busy sometimes?
In what way does a too full schedule lead to stress?
Do you like being busy?
If you are very busy at work or at school, do you have ways to balance your life?
If you have nothing to do, do you enjoy yourself or do you get bored?
Does stress make it hard for you to think or act?
How can you judge what is the right amount of stress for you?
Is your stress caused by relationships with other people? At work? At school? At home? With best friends? With partners? Can you think of some examples?
Does stress come when you worry about your life?
Do you keep your worries a secret from other people?
Do you have anyone you can talk to when you are worried?
When did we start talking about stress as a psychological condition?
What do you do when you have stress
Stressful Situations 
Are there situations that you find stressful?
Do you feel tense when you meet someone for the first time?
Do you get nervous if you have to make a speech?
Do you suffer from stress when you have too much work to do?
Do you work or study for long hours under stressful conditions?
Does the place you live have a low-stress environment?
Can you be alone as much as you like?
Can you be with friends as often as you like?
Is it easy for you to make decisions about important things?
Can you relax when you are sleeping away from home?
In what kinds of situations do you observe other people feeling stressed?
What are some situations that you enjoy?
What are some situations that make you feel stressful?
How can you eliminate stressful situations?
Can you plan a low-stress, cheap, one-day holiday?
Controlling Stress
How do you relieve stress?
What stresses you out?
Do you have a stressful lifestyle?
How do you get control of a stressful situation that is getting too tough?
What is the "fight or flight" response? How does it relate to stress?
Do you enjoy the feeling of being stressed?
If you are feeling stressed, what do you do?
Do you like to relax or be active when stressful?
Are you capable of relieving your stress or do you need help?
Can alcohol cure stress temporarily?
Living Stress Free 
How can you live a stress free life? Can you give five suggestions that would be inexpensive? Can you give five suggestions for children? 	Can you give five suggestions for the wintertime? 
Give us suggestions for making school life less stressful.
When stressful do you like to listen to a certain kind of music?
Does it help to go shopping or take a long walk?
Do you like to be alone or be with other people?
Do you eat more or eat less?
Do certain colors make you feel happier?
Do you always follow the same pattern to relieve stress or do you try different things?
What are some positive ways people deal with stress?
What are some negative ways people deal with stress?
How do you deal with stress?
What is the most stressful experience you have ever had?
When was the most stressful time of your life? Did you learn anything from that experience? 
What do you think is the greatest cause of stress for most people?
What is your greatest cause of stress?
Do you deal with stress differently that your parents do/did? If so, how?
Do you know of anyone who likes to break things or become violent when they are stressed? What have they broken? What kind of violence do they do?
What is the most stressful job you can think of?
What is the least stressful job you can think of?
Which would you choose? A stressful job with very high pay or a relaxing job with considerably low pay? Why?
Is being single less stressful than married life? What are the advantages and disadvantages of each? 
How do you reduce stress in your life? Do you think they would be considered good or bad ways of dealing with stress?
Assorted Questions
Are you a member of a health spa/gym?
Are you afraid of needles?
Are you healthy?
Are your parents healthy?
Do think that you need to lose weight?
Do you always eat healthy food? Is your diet healthy?
Do you bruise easily?
Do you catch a cold more than once a year?
Do you consider alcohol a drug?
Do you drink a lot?
Do you eat a lot of vegetables?
Do you eat lots of fruit?
Do you eat vegetables every day?
Do you ever get headaches? Do you know anyone who suffers from migraine headaches?
Do you ever read magazines or news articles about health? If yes, what subject(s) do you find the most interesting? 
Do you exercise? What kind of exercise do you do? How often do you exercise?
Do you go for regular medical check-ups?
Do you go to the dentist's twice a year?
Do you have a lot of stress?
Do you normally go one doctor in particular or any available doctor?
Do you have any allergies?
Do you have any scars?
Do you know anyone who suffers from backaches?
Do you know anyone with false teeth?
Do you often eat fast food?
Do you smoke? If so, do you smoke more than two cigarettes a day? 
Do you think smoking is not bad for your health?
Do you take medicine when you are sick?
Do you take vitamins or mineral supplements?
Do you take vitamins?
Do you think it is unhealthy to keep a cat in your home?
Do you think nuclear power is safe?
Do you think pets are good for a person's health
Do you think that the tobacco companies should be held reasonably responsible for a person's addiction to nicotine?
Do you think you are overweight?
Do you think you will live until a ripe old age? Why or why not?
Do you think you would be a good surgeon? Why or why not?
Do you use an alarm clock to wake up?
Do you usually get enough sleep?
Do you watch your weight? What foods do you think are healthy?
Have you ever been hospitalized? (Have you ever been in the hospital?)
Have you ever been to an acupuncturist? What do you think of acupuncture? 
Have you ever broken a bone?
Have you ever burned yourself with hot water?
Have you ever donated blood?
Have you ever gotten a black eye?
Have you ever had braces on your teeth?
Have you ever had stitches?
Have you ever sprained your ankle?
Have you ever taken a sleeping pill to get to sleep?
How can you reduce stress in your life?
How have you been feeling lately?
How many hours of sleep do you get a night?
How many hours of sleep do you usually get?
How often do you eat junk food?
What kinds of junk food do you eat?
How often do you exercise?
How often do you get a cold? (How often do you catch a cold?)
How often do you get sick in one year?
How often do you go to the doctor's?
How often is garbage collected in your neighborhood?
How would you recommend treating a cold?
If a company sells the public a product they know to be harmful or addictive, should they be held responsible for the use of that product even if the government approves it?
If you smoke, how old were you when you started smoking?
If you were President of Korea, what would you do to improve Koreans' health?
Should smoking in restaurants be banned?
What are some things people can do to keep healthy?
What are some things that cause stress?
What are some ways to deal with stress?
What are some ways you know that you can personally keep yourself healthy?
What disease frightens you the most? Why?
What do you do to stay healthy? (What are some things you do to keep healthy?)
What do you do, if you can't get to sleep?
What do you think about abortion? Why do some people support it and others are against it?
What do you think about getting old?
What do you think is the most serious health problem in Korea?
What do you think of cosmetic surgery? Do you know anyone who has had cosmetic surgery? Would you ever consider having cosmetic surgery?
What drinks to you think are healthy? What drinks do you think are unhealthy? 
What foods to you think are healthy? What foods do you think are unhealthy? 
What is the best way to find a doctor, if you're new in the area?
What is the best way to stop smoking?
What is the most horrible accident you have ever had?
What is the average age of people in your country
What kind of pollution is the most risky?
What time did you go to bed when you were a child?
What's the best way to stop smoking?
What's the highest temperature you've ever had?
What's your blood type?
When did you last take a bath?
When was the last time you went to a dentist?
When was the last time you went to a doctor?
When was the last time you went to a hospital?
When was the last time you were sick?
When you were in high school, how many days of school did you miss each year because of sickness?
Who do you think is responsible for the care of your health? yourself, your parents, or your doctor and medical people? 
Who is the healthiest person in your family? Who is the least healthy? 
Why do people smoke?
Would you consider donating your organs after your death?
What is the health service like in your country?
What do you think of the health service in this country?
How can the health service be improved?
Have you been to hospital since you arrived here?
What do you know about the SARS virus?
What do you know about AIDS?
What do you know about the common cold?
What is alternative medicine?
Have you ever practiced alternative medicine?
What treatments or remedies do you follow when you have a cold?
Which kind of medicine do you prefer to take when you are sick?
Than one hundred years ago? Than in the distant past?If so, when was it, who was your teacher? What was your experience like?If so, who was the teacher and what was their instruction? What was your experience?Do you feel tired during the day? Can you sleep well at night? Does your stomach hurt?Do you feel nervous or worried about the stressful situation? Do you get angry easily? What did you do? What kind of advice did you give them? Did you listen to them? Who did most of the talking? Did you take some actions to help them? If so, what were they?Is it necessary to have shared the same experience? Is it important to be an expert? Is it better to listen or to talk a lot when you counsel someone?In what situations can stress be a good thing? Does stress ever make you feel more alive?Can you relax at home?At work? At school? At home? With best friends? With partners? Can you think of some examples?How does it relate to stress?Can you give five suggestions that would be inexpensive? Can you give five suggestions for children? 	Can you give five suggestions for the wintertime? Did you learn anything from that experience?  A stressful job with very high pay or a relaxing job with considerably low pay? Why?What are the advantages and disadvantages of each? Do you think they would be considered good or bad ways of dealing with stress?Is your diet healthy?Do you know anyone who suffers from migraine headaches?If yes, what subject(s) do you find the most interesting? What kind of exercise do you do? How often do you exercise?If so, do you smoke more than two cigarettes a day? What do you think of acupuncture? Do you know anyone who has had cosmetic surgery? Would you ever consider having cosmetic surgery?What drinks do you think are unhealthy? What foods do you think are unhealthy?  yourself, your parents, or your doctor and medical people? Who is the least healthy? 