What is your best friend's name?
What is your favorite animal?
What is your favorite city in the United States?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite country? And why?
What is your favorite day of the week? Why?
What is your favorite drink in the summer?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite holiday? Why?
What is your favorite kind of book?
What is your favorite kind of ethnic food?
What is your favorite kind of movie?
What is your favorite kind of music?
What is your favorite kind of pizza?
What is your favorite magazine?
What is your favorite memory of childhood?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite pastime?
What is your favorite proverb?
What is your favorite radio station?
What is your favorite season? Why?
What is your favorite sport?
What is your favorite television program?
What is your favorite time of day?
What is your favorite TV program?
What is your favorite type of sushi?
What is your favorite vegetable? Whyfruit, meat, salad dressing, etc.)
What is your favorite Web site?
What was your favorite subject in school?...in high school?...in junior high school?...in elementary school?
What's your favorite smell?
What's your favorite word in English? Why do you like it?
Who is your favorite actor?
Who is your favorite actress?
Who is your favorite athlete?Who is your favorite baseball player?Who is your favorite soccer player?
Who is your favorite author?
Who is your favorite character from literature?
Who is your favorite composer?
Who is your favorite musician?
Who is your favorite singer?
Who is your favorite super-hero? Explain why.
Who is your favorite TV star?
Who was your favorite singer when you were younger? How about now?In place of singer: actor, actress, baseball player, athlete, ...
Who was your favorite teacher? Why?...in high school?...in junior high school?...in elementary school?
Note: Many of the above questions can be changed from "What is" to "What was."
fruit, meat, salad dressing, etc.)...in high school?...in junior high school?...in elementary school?Who is your favorite baseball player?Who is your favorite soccer player?In place of singer: actor, actress, baseball player, athlete, ......in high school?...in junior high school?...in elementary school?