What is your biggest goal in life?
How do you plan to achieve that goal?
What are your "short term" goals?
What are your "long term" goals?
Should parents help their children set goals?
What are your educational goals?
What are your career goals?
What are your financial goals?
Why are goals important?
Is having a goal in life effective in becoming successful?
Is having a goal helpful in motivating a person?
Do you think people have fewer goals as they get older?
Do you have any goals that you feel are unrealistic?
How do people's goals change from country to country?
What are your goals in your current job?
What are the main differences between male and female goals?
Which of your goals have you already achieved?
How would you feel if you failed to achieve any of your goals?
Do you think it's a good idea to write your goals down and tick them off as you achieve them?
How important are goals to you?
What do you hope to have achieved by the time you're sixty?
What is a goal?
Can goals help to change your life? How?
What goals do you have in your life?
Is it important to set goals?
Do you have a five year plan for your life?
If you can't make your goal, how do you feel?
What are your families goals?
Are goals necessary to achieve success?
How are plans and goals related?
Are you ambitious enough to achieve the goals you set?
Do you have spiritual/religious goals?
Is one of your goals to be able to talk to your children's English teacher?
Do you think people have less goals as they get older?
How will you feel,if you fail to achieve any of your goals?
What is something you never learned to do but wish you had?
Who is successful in your family? Why?
Tell me about a goal that you achieved for yourself.
What success have you had in this English class? What can you do to be more successful?
Do you believe that people must work hard to become successful? Why or why not?
Can you think of a successful person from your own county? What do they do? How do you think they did it?
What kind of success do you want in the future in your life?
What can you do now to be successful in the future?
Do you think that money and fame means success? 

