Are you computer literate?
Are you connected to the Internet?Do you access the Internet with your computer?Can you access the Internet from your home?What is your favorite "news" site?What Internet sites do you visit regularly?
Can your mother and father use a computer?
Do you have a computer? Do you have a computer at work and at home? Do you have a laptop or a desktop computer? Do you have both? Do you use your computer when you do homework for school? Have you ever studied English using your computer? How many times have you upgraded your computer? How powerful is your computer?What company made your computer? What kind of computer do you have? What size is your computer screen?What do you think is the best size to have? Where do you use your computer? Where in your room is your computer? Why did you buy your computer?
Do you have a digital camera?Do you send photos by email?What kind of pictures do you take with your digital camera?
Do you have a scanner?What kind of scanner do you have?
Do you have a web page?What's the URL?When did you start it?How much time did it take to make?How much time do you spend keeping it updated?
Do you know any computer programming languages?How many computer programming languages do you know?Which languages do you know?Which language do you use the most often?
Do you read computer magazines?Which computer magazines do you read?
Do you use a computer?Are you good at using a computer? Are you still using your first computer? Did you learn to use a computer in high school? Do you know how to type well? How often do you use a computer? What are some of your favorite computer games? What do you use a computer for? What operating system do you use? What software do you use the most often? When did you first start using a computer? Who taught you to use a computer?
Do you use chat rooms? If so, what chat rooms do you use and who do you talk to?
Do you use e mail?Do you use e mail every day?Do you write e mail in English?Have you ever sent an e mail to your teacher?How many e-mails do you get a day?How many e mails do you send a day?How many times a day do you access your e mail?What's your e mail address?How many e mail addresses do you have?
Do you have a Facebook account?  How often do you access it? How often do you update it.  How many friends do you have? How many hours a day do you spend looking at it?
Do you want a more powerful computer? If so, what computer do you want?
Does your family have a computer?
How fast can you type?
Have you ever taken a course at school where you used a computer?
Have you tried Mac-OS, Windows and Linux?
How do you study English with your computer?
How does email work?
How many people in your family can use a computer?
How much did your first computer cost? How much did you last computer cost?
How much does it cost by buy a computer?What's the least expensive computer?What's the most expensive computer?
How much does your Internet service provider cost?Which ISP do you use?
If you could buy a new computer, what would you like to buy?
If you had lots of money, what kind of computer system would you like to buy?
What is the difference between software and hardware?
Which do you like better, a laptop computer or a desktop computer?
What is your favorite website?
Do you ever visit English websites?
Do you think our lives have been improved by computer technology? Think of a few examples of how computers have an educational or an entertainment value. Could you do without them?
What is multimedia?What are the components and the element of multimedia?
When did you first get a computer?What kind of computer was it?About how much did it cost?Do you still have it?Do you still use it?
Do you remember the first time you used a computer or the Internet?What did you think about it?
How long have there been personal computers in your country?When did the average person start using a computer?
Can your parents operate a computer? How do they use their computer?Do you chat with your parents?What kind of computer do they use?Do they enjoy using their computer?
Can your children use a computer?
Do you think a computer can bring us happiness?
Do you have a computer?
Do you know any computer languages like C or C++?
What is configuration of your PC?
How often do you perform a backup? What kind of backup method do you use? What kind of backup media do you use?
What are some good things about having a computer?
What are some bad things about having a computer?
Does having a computer make life more complicated or less complicated?
What computer games have you played?Which are your favorites?Which do you think are not so interesting?
Do you use chat rooms and instant messaging? Which ones do you use?Why do you use them? What are some things to think about when using them?Why can these be dangerous for you and your kids?
What do you do when your computer doesn't work properly?Do you have more than one computer? Can you do everything you need to do when your computer is broken?
Do you have a webpage? Did you make your own webpage? What is on this webpage? Why do you think people have webpages?  What would you like to add to your webpage?
Do you know what a blog is? Do you have one? Why/ why not? Why do people have blogs?
What do you think about file sharing?
On the Internet, you can say whatever you want. Is that true? Is it a good or a bad thing? Why?  UL>
What is artificial intelligence?


If you can think of another good question for this list, please add it.
http://iteslj.org/questions/
Thanks to Nancy Noble  who suggested this topic and submitted the first 7 questions.
Copyright © 1997-2010 by The Internet TESL Journal
if(top.location!=self.location){top.location=self.location}
questionsmessage();
Do you access the Internet with your computer?Can you access the Internet from your home?What is your favorite "news" site?What Internet sites do you visit regularly?Do you have a computer at work and at home? Do you have a laptop or a desktop computer? Do you have both? Do you use your computer when you do homework for school? Have you ever studied English using your computer? How many times have you upgraded your computer? How powerful is your computer?What company made your computer? What kind of computer do you have? What size is your computer screen?What do you think is the best size to have? Where do you use your computer? Where in your room is your computer? Why did you buy your computer?What do you think is the best size to have?Do you send photos by email?What kind of pictures do you take with your digital camera?What kind of scanner do you have?What's the URL?When did you start it?How much time did it take to make?How much time do you spend keeping it updated?How many computer programming languages do you know?Which languages do you know?Which language do you use the most often?Which computer magazines do you read?Are you good at using a computer? Are you still using your first computer? Did you learn to use a computer in high school? Do you know how to type well? How often do you use a computer? What are some of your favorite computer games? What do you use a computer for? What operating system do you use? What software do you use the most often? When did you first start using a computer? Who taught you to use a computer?Do you use e mail every day?Do you write e mail in English?Have you ever sent an e mail to your teacher?How many e-mails do you get a day?How many e mails do you send a day?How many times a day do you access your e mail?What's your e mail address?How many e mail addresses do you have? How often do you access it? How often do you update it.  How many friends do you have? How many hours a day do you spend looking at it?What's the least expensive computer?What's the most expensive computer?Which ISP do you use?Think of a few examples of how computers have an educational or an entertainment value. Could you do without them?What are the components and the element of multimedia?What kind of computer was it?About how much did it cost?Do you still have it?Do you still use it?What did you think about it?When did the average person start using a computer?How do they use their computer?Do you chat with your parents?What kind of computer do they use?Do they enjoy using their computer?What kind of backup method do you use? What kind of backup media do you use?Which do you think are not so interesting?Which ones do you use?Why do you use them? What are some things to think about when using them?Why can these be dangerous for you and your kids?Do you have more than one computer? Can you do everything you need to do when your computer is broken? Did you make your own webpage? What is on this webpage? Why do you think people have webpages?  What would you like to add to your webpage? Do you have one? Why/ why not? Why do people have blogs?Is it a good or a bad thing? Why?  UL>
What is artificial intelligence?
