How old were you when you went on your first flight?Where did you go?
Do you like to travel by airplane?
What was the longest flight you have ever taken?
What seat do you prefer: window, center or aisle?
What are three things you're supposed to do before the flight takes off?
What do you like to do during the flight? Does the plane provide anything to do to pass the time?
What are some movies you remember seeing on the plane?
What do you do when you experience turbulence?
Have you ever met anyone or established any relationships during a flight?
What should be done with obese people who practically take up two seats?
Can you sleep during the flight?
Have you ever seen a female pilot? Why do you think that most pilots are men?
Would you like to be a flight attendant?  What are the benefits and /or downfalls?
Are most flight attendants female? Is being a flight attendant considered a good job in your country?  What do you think are the qualifications?
Are planes really safer than cars? ( A British study shows that flying is 176 times safer than walking, 15 times safer than driving and 300 times safer than a motorbike.)
Would you rather have a younger, more beautiful/handsome flight attendant or an older, more experienced one?
What are the advantages of traveling by airplane? What are the disadvantages?
Do you know someone who is afraid of flying in an airplane?
What questions should you ask when buying airplane tickets?
What is a group rate?
What is a charter flight?
What arrangements should you make for pick-up at the airport?
What things can you see in an airport?
What questions do they ask you when you check-in at the airport?
What questions do they ask you when going through immigration and customs at the airport?
Have you ever seen an airplane crash?
Have you ever seen terrorists on the plane?
Have you ever met an annoying person during a flight?
Have you ever had an accident during a flight?
Have you ever work as a flight attendant?
Do you only fly one airline?
Do you think budget airlines are safe?
Do you like to fly? Why or why not?
What is the smallest airplane you have ever been on? How small was it?
Do you prefer to fly in big planes or small planes? Why?
Would you like to learn how to fly? Why or why not?
Do you think being a pilot is a good job? Why or why not?
Have you ever gone sky-diving? Why or why not?
Have you or someone you know ever been in a plane crash?
What would you do if you were on a plane that was crashing?
Do you like to watch movies or TV about airplane crashes? Why or why not?
Do you enjoy the foods on airplane?
What arrangements should you make for pick-up at the airport?
What things do you see in an airport?
What questions do they ask when you check-in at the airport?
What questions do they ask when going through immigration/customs at the airport?
How much baggage do you take with you?
What items should not be included in your hand baggage?
What documents do you need for international travel?
What airline do you prefer using?
How was the service on your last flight?
Do you like airline food?
Would you pay money for airline food?
Do you enjoy talking with strangers on an airplane?
Do you enjoy takeoff / landing?
What are some airplane disaster movies?Why do you think they are popular? 
How do the pilot and the co-pilot navigate their planes?
What is a boarding pass?
When do you pay for airport tax?
Where can you hang your coats after boarding an airplane? 5. What do you do when you get blocked ears during take off / landing?
What do you do before take off / landing?
Where can you smoke while traveling by plane?
What do you do when you need a flight attendant's assistance?
How can passengers reduce the risk of deep vein thrombosis?
Where did you go?Does the plane provide anything to do to pass the time?Why do you think that most pilots are men? What are the benefits and /or downfalls?Is being a flight attendant considered a good job in your country? What are the disadvantages?Why do you think they are popular? 