What is your favorite way to eat a cockroach?

Why did the ghost cry on Halloween Day?
Do you enjoy swimming when it is snowing?
Why don't you want Christmas presents this year?
How did you escape from the alien space ship?
How did you feel after watching television for 24 hours?
Would you ever wear your mother's dress to your all boys high school?

Did your parents ever have children?
Would you rather kiss a crocodile or a bear?
What is on your mouse pad?
If you were a color, what would you be? Why?
Why do people call "mouse trap" mouse trap?
Are couch potatoes good to eat?
What are the names of the eight colors of rainbows?
Why do you make your bed in the morning?
Why do you look at yourself in the mirror?
What planet are you from?
When was the last time you went to the restroom?
How much does your imagination weigh?
What are some of the ways can you ride a bike?
Who fell out of the apple tree?
Why do pajamas have pockets?
How long is a piece of string?
Could a husband be married to the sister of his widow?
If the number five is red, what are the colors of the other numbers?
What are the colors of the numbers 1 - 10?
What color is the number 3?
If you were trapped on an island, why were you there?
If you were given the chance to be an animal, Which animal would you be?

What do you do when you are in front of the mirror?
Can we drink soda during coffee breaks?
Can we use AM Radio during the evening?
Are squid balls made of the balls of squid?
Does fire go out of the fire exit?
Why do people call ''mouse trap'' mouse trap?
What are the names of the eight colors of rainbows?
How does  a Boeing 747 weigh?
Do you have an Internet connection?
Is the basement downstairs?
If you were a flavor of ice cream, which one would you be and why?
What is the answer to this question?
Can you write a conversation between two items in your refrigerator? (For example, what might the mayonnaise and the pickles be talking about before you open the door?)
What is a typical day in the life of your dictionary?(pet frog, walking shoes, classroom blackboard, etc.)
Would you like to be rich and beautiful or poor and ugly? Why?
When did you die?
Do you remember the doctor spanking you at birth?
Did you hang your stockings at Easter?
Did you put up a Christmas tree for your birthday?
Did you bathe in mud this morning?
Did you brush your teeth last year?
What kind of leaves do you eat for breakfast?
When were you released from jail?
 What was the day after yesterday?
What's the funniest way you ever went to the bathroom?
Why did you decide to get up this morning?
Do you ever stick your fingers in your ears? If so why?
What would life be like if you decided never to open your eyes again?
Are there days when you just enjoy having a good cry for no reason. If yes, why?
Why do people ask why?
Why do we have mirrors and what would life be like without them.
Why do your hands look the way they look?
If you could turn into an animal, which animal would you be?
Why do little children stick their tongue out at people?
Why do people pretend not to see each other sometimes?
Can you answer this question with out opening your mouth?
Would you still learn English if there was no English in the world?
----------- ASK AT YOUR OWN RISK ------------------------
(You need to be careful with these)
Why is your breath so bad?
Were you sleeping as you drove to work this morning?
How are those anti-schizophrenic drugs that you're taking working?
How was the last Christmas you spent in jail?
How many multiple personalities do you have?
