Do you usually remember your dreams? Why or why not? Describe some of them.
What was your nicest dream that you can remember?
Talk about the most recent dream you can remember that you have had in the past.
Talk about a recurring dream that you have had in the past.
How do you interpret a dream? Do you use your intuition/imagination to understand it?
Do you usually read books on dream interpretation? What is your opinion on it?
Do you generally have pleasant dreams or nightmares?
Have you ever had nightmares? What were they like?
What's the worst nightmare you've ever had?
What is "prophecy"?
Have you ever had or heard of a dream that foretold the future?
Did you know that Abraham Lincoln supposedly foresaw his own assassination in a dream? What do you think about it?
Have you ever dreamed about dead people? Is it a good signal? Why/Why not?
Have you ever dreamt about dead friends or relatives? How was it? How did you feel?
There is a movie called "The Cell" with Jenifer Lopez - It is about dreams - Have you ever watched this film? Would you like to see it? Why/Why not?
Are dream messages sent from our unconscious, predictions of the future, or the brain's way of cleaning out information?
Some people say that dreaming about losing money means that you will receive it. Have you ever heard this? What other sayings about dreams do you know?
Do your dreams ever affect your moods? Explain.
Do you usually dream in black and white or in color?
What language do you dream in? Have you ever dreamt in a language that
you don't speak?
Have you ever woken up from a dream "in a cold sweat"?
Do you believe that dreams can sometimes predict the future?
Has anyone told you if you have walked or talked in your sleep?
Here is a list of dream images. What might they represent?
a road
the sky
snow
a garden
an open door
a light
sand
fire
falling
darkness
being chased
speaking with a dead relative
flying
When you were a child, what was your dream for the future? Has it changed?
Do you remember what you dream about in your sleep?
What is your dream for the future?
Have your dreams for your future changed?
Do you tell people about your dreams?
Do you think you can achieve your dreams?
If you had lots of money what would you do with it?
Do you think that having a lot of money can make you happy?
Do you think that having dreams and aspirations is a waste of time?
Do you believe in deja vu?
What is a daydream?
What is the difference between our daydreams and our dreams at night?
Are some kinds of thoughts and dreams similar?
What's the difference between our everyday life and dreaming while we are sleeping?
Do you agree with the idea that "Life is like a dream"?
What language do you dream in? Have you ever dreamt in a language that
Do you agree with the idea that "Life is like a dream"?
a road
the sky
snow
a garden
an open door
a light
sand
fire
falling
darkness
being chased
speaking with a dead relative
flyingWhat are some forms of discrimination?
Have you ever been discriminated against?
How do people fight discrimination?
Why do you think discrimination exists?
Have you ever discriminated against some race?
What could you do to reduce discrimination?
Do some countries discriminate against race more than other countries?
Have you ever discriminated against the caucasian english-speaking population of your school?
What would you do to cope with discrimination?
Has the discrimination level changed for you, after you moved to another country?
Have your close friends or family ever been discriminated against? If so, did you do anything to stop it?
Have you ever been discriminated against because of your sex?
Have you ever been discriminated against because of your education level?
Why do people discriminate?
Is discriminating against a certain group of people ever justified?
Have you ever experienced discrimination?
What should be done to stop discrimination?
Do you think males and females are equal?
Do you know anybody who has fought for equal rights?
Are you a member of any humanitarian organization?
What will happen in the future?
Would you let your child marry a person with a different skin color?
Would you let your child marry a person with a different religion?
Why do men earn more than women?
Do you have any prejudices?
Would you adopt a child from a different culture?
Why do we treat people differently?
Should it be illegal to publish racial information?
Are women better or worse managers than men?
Would you work for a woman?
Would you vote for a woman?
Is discriminating against a certain group of people ever justified? (e.g. pedophiles)
Why is it that when children are small,they discriminate against other people that are not the same size and color as they are?
Has the discrimination level changed for you, after you moved to America?
Have your close friends or family ever been discriminated against? If so, did you do anything to stop it? If so, what?
 If so, did you do anything to stop it?