Are you a fashionable person?
What is fashion?
Who is fashionable that you know?
Do you read fashion magazines?
Which season is it the easiest to be fashionable?
Can you be fashionable without spending money?
Who is the most fashionable in your family? Why do you think so?
Where is a fashionable city in your country?
Do you think your friends are fashionable?
Are you dressed fashionably today?
Why do some people ignore fashion?
Who is the most fashionable teacher you know?
How much do you spend getting ready to go to school?CollegeWorkOut with friends To a party Do the times vary much?
When and where did you buy an article of clothing you're wearing right now? Why did you choose it?
Have you ever gotten an item of clothing tailored?  When? What was it for?
In your country do children have to wear school uniform? Do you think it is a good idea or not?
What would you do or feel if you were refused entry to somewhere because of what you are wearing?
Do you think dress codes should be adhered to if requested on an invitation?
What would you wear to meet royalty or the President of your country?
Would you go to a fancy dress party? Why or why not?
What would you wear to a disco?
What wouldn't you wear to a wedding?
What clothes do you wear that require you to shave your hair?
What is your favorite article of clothing?
What's your favorite color for clothes? Why?
What two things you wouldn't wear together?
What fabrics do you like?
What is the longest you've ever worn your hair?
Do you like to wear a school uniform? Why or why not?
What fabrics do you think are beautiful
What color would you wear on a first date
What clothes would you wear on a first date
What would you wear to a romanic meal
What is a relaxing color
What is the most useful article of clothing in your wardrobe
Who is your favorite designer why
What would you wear to a formal dinner
Do you prefer brand name clothes? Why
What style hat would you wear?
What accessories do men wear/carry?
What style would a trendy young woman wear?
What fashion groups are there in your culture? For example skater style
What would you never wear to a wedding
What material is uncomfortable in summer?
Describe the most expensive thing you own
What item of clothing is most uncomfortable material in summer?
What items of clothing are uncomfortable?
What is a major fashion faux pas?
Who is the best dressed person you can see now?
What clothes or hairstyles are from the 70s or 80s
What items of clothing do people not wear anymore?
What clothing do only children wear?
Why do you think so?CollegeWorkOut with friends To a party Do the times vary much? When? What was it for?Do you think it is a good idea or not?