What kind of music do you like?
Are you a good singer?
Can you concentrate on other things when you are listening to music?
Can you play a musical instrument?If so, what do you play?How long have you been playing?Are you good at it?
Can you play the drums?
Can you play the guitar?
Can you read music?
Do you enjoy music videos?
Do you ever listen to MP3 files on your computer?
Do you have an expensive stereo system? 
Do you know the band named Metallica? If so, do you like them?
Do you like all kinds of music?
Do you like American rock bands?
Do you like country music?
Do you like heavy metal bands like Megadeath, Marilyn Manson, and so on?
Do you like jazz?
Do you like to listen classical music?
Do you like to listen country music?Who is your favorite country singer?
Do you like to listen to Broadway musicals?What is your favorite Broadway musical show?
Do you like punk music?
Do you like singing karaoke? How often do you sing karaoke?
Do you like to dance?

Do you listen to music while doing your homework?
Do you sing while taking a bath?
Do you think there is a relationship between drugs and music? How about violence and music?
Do you think your favorite music twenty years from now will be the same as it is today?
Do you watch music shows on TV? If so, what do you watch?
Does you mother play the piano?
Have you ever been to a concert?Have you ever been to a rock concert?Have you ever been to an orchestra concert?
Have you ever taken part in a singing competition?
How does music make you feel?
How many CD's do you have?
How much time do you spend listening to music?
How often do you listen to music? (...to classical music, ... to jazz, ...)
How often do you listen to the radio?
If you could play any musical instrument, what would it be?
If you could start a band, what type of music would you play? Why?
If you were a song, what song would you be and why?
Is live music popular in your country?
Is there any kind of music that you hate?
Should music lyrics be rated similar to the way movies are rated?
What are some concerts you have been to?
What are some special or traditional musical instruments in your country?
What do you think the world would be like without music?
What do you think of manufactured bands? Can you name any?
What is one of your favorite songs?Why do you like it?When did you first hear it?Who sings it?
What is your favorite karaoke song to sing?
What is your favorite kind of music?
What kind of music do you like?
What kind of music do you listen to to cheer you up?
What kind of music do you usually listen to?
What kind of music do your parents listen to?
What kind of music you like the most?
What kind of songs do you like to sing?
What kinds of music do people listen to in your country?
What kinds of music do you dislike?
What musicians did you like when you were in junior high school? How about high school?
What radio station do you usually listen to?
What was the last CD you bought?
What was the last concert you went to?
What was your favorite music five years ago? 10 years ago? How have your musical tastes changed?
When was the last time you went dancing?
When was the last time you went to a concert?
Where do you usually listen to music?
Which do you prefer, songs in English or songs in your own language?
Who is your favorite singer or group?
Who is your favorite singer?
Why do you think music is important and how does it affect different people?
Why is music so important to people and culture?
Is the image of the group or singer more important than the music?
Can you think of examples of music calming people or increasing their efficiency?
Do you mind singing to other people? (Another wording: ...singing in front of people?)If you don't mind then how large an audience would be too many?
While listening to the radio, do you ever want to sing the song that is being played?
Why do you think some people believe opera singers should be fat?
Do you ever download MP3 files from the Internet?
Do you prefer rock music or romantic music?
Do you think music can heal sick people?
Do you think that animals can enjoy music? How do you know?
Do you think that music can help make world peace? How?
How important do you think a good music teacher is to mastering an instrument?
What do you think the next piece of music technology will be, after digital technology?
If you could invent a new instrument, what would it sound like?
Do you think the use of drugs by some musicians increases their artistic creativity?
Who is your favorite composer?
Did you go to the symphony when you were a child?
Do your brothers and sisters also love classical music?
What makes a song popular for you, the lyrics of the song or the melody?
Why is the recorder called the recorder?
Who is the most famous musician from your country?
Do you think it is wrong to download music for free?
Do you ever create (mix) CD's for your friends?
Does your country have laws against copying CD's?
Do you prefer listening to songs in your own language or in another language? Why?
Does music affect unborn children?
Do you think that people form different cultures react to music in different ways?
What do you think of when you listen to music?
What kind or style of music would it be weird for your parents to listen to? Why?
If you could be any musician in the world, who would you be and why?
If you could be a musician who would you be?
If so, what do you play?How long have you been playing?Are you good at it?Who is your favorite country singer?What is your favorite Broadway musical show?How often do you sing karaoke?How about violence and music?Have you ever been to a rock concert?Have you ever been to an orchestra concert?Why do you like it?When did you first hear it?Who sings it?If you don't mind then how large an audience would be too many?