What causes death?
Are "Living Wills" available where you live?
Are there special rites or ceremonies performed when a person dies?
Are you afraid of death?
Do you believe in life after death?
Do you often think of death?
Do you think that there is anything worth dying for?
Do you want to know the date of your death? Why or why not?
How do you cope with the death of someone special?
Is organ donation or transplants an option where you live?
Is physician assisted suicide an option in your country?
Would you consider physician assisted suicide if you were suffering a painful dying experience?
Is the death of a loved one considered a joyful or a sorrowful occasion?
Is there any person you would die for in order to save? Who is it?
What are some ways which you can help a family which has just experienced the death of a family member.
What should you say to someone who has lost a loved one?
What are your beliefs pertaining to a person's soul once they have died?
What do you think of suicide?
What do you think would happen if there were no death for human beings?  What do you think would happen if people never died? 
What happens to a person's remains after death? Cremation? Burial? Etc.
What is the mourning process? What is the mourning process?
Where do we go when we die?
Would you want your cremated remains to be part of a fireworks show?
Who do you think would mourn for you after your death?
If you were on death row, what would you request for your last meal?
Who would you want to watch you be executed?
If you could choose how you were going to die, what would you choose your death to be?
What do you think of cryogenics?Would you like to have your body frozen, so that you could be thawed out and brought back to life sometime in the future?Do you think it will ever be possible?
If you had the option of freezing your body in hopes that science would some day be able to bring you back to life, would you do it?
Why are so many people afraid of death, when it is unavoidable?
What would happen if you died?
On account of your beliefs or some other reason, do you look forward to dying?
Have you ever had to put a pet to sleep?
Do you believe that you will be born again?
Why is facing death a difficult experience?
How does a person cope with death of a friend or loved one?
What are some reactions to death of a friend?
How do your national customs surrounding death reflect the values of your country?
What should you say or not say to a friend who is facing death? What should you say or not say to a friend who has lost a friend?
What are funerals like in your country?  What are some funeral customs in your country?
What is the suicide hotline in your community?
Is there a suicide hotline in the area where you live?
Do you know someone who has died from a traffic accident?
Do you know someone who has died from a from disease? What was your reaction?How did you feel?
When have you visited a hospital?Who did you visit?What do you think would happen if people never died? What is the mourning process?
Who would you want to watch you be executed?Would you like to have your body frozen, so that you could be thawed out and brought back to life sometime in the future?Do you think it will ever be possible? What should you say or not say to a friend who has lost a friend? What are some funeral customs in your country? What was your reaction?How did you feel? How did you feel about your visit?What are some other words for death? An example is "passed away".  What would be your reaction? What would you say to that person's friends?Do you have hospice services in your country?
How quickly is someone buried or cremated after death?
What expenses are involved in burying or cremating someone?
What measures are taken in your country to ensure that no stigma is associated with the burial of poor people?How can this be done?How would you want to die?Have you ever done something like that at someone's funeral?Would you want to know the exact day of your death?If so how long should they wait?What do you think about the stories these people tell?