Are there any parts of the city where you live which you are afraid to visit after dark? Where? Why?
Are there certain weather conditions that scare people? What are they? Why do people become scared?
Are you afraid of flying?
Are you afraid of ghosts?
Are you afraid of giving a speech in public?
Are you afraid of going to the dentist?
Are you afraid of heights?
Are you afraid of scary movies?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Are you afraid to die? Why?
Are you afraid of getting old? Why?
Are there any numbers that people are afraid of in your culture?
Do you fear certain insects or animals? Why?
Do you know anyone with a phobia?
Do you like horror movies?
Do you think young children should be allowed to watch horror movies?
How do you react when you see something frightening?
Is there any person you are afraid of?
Were you afraid of the dark as a child?
Were you afraid on your first day of school here in the United States? How do you feel now?
What animal do you think is the most scary?
What are some things which many people are afraid of? Why are they afraid of them?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
What is your biggest fear in life? Are you afraid that it might come true?
What kinds of things make you nervous?
What was the most frightening experience you've had?
When you were a child, what things were you afraid of?
Do you ever have nightmares (bad dreams)?What are they about?How often do you have nightmares?
Have you ever seen any reality TV shows where people face their fears for money? 
Would you ever face one of your fears for money?Do you find this kind of show interesting to watch?
What is your biggest fear?
Have you overcome any of your fears?
Are you afraid of being ill? What disease are you most afraid of? Why?
Do you believe people can be cured of phobias by hypnosis?
Are you afraid to fly?
-Are you afraid to ride a motorcycle?
-Are you afraid of death, of dying?
How do you cope with your fears?
Are you afraid of being ill? What disease are you most afraid of? Why?
What is your biggest fear for yourself?
What is your biggest fear for the world?
How often do you feel afraid?
How would you help someone to get over their fear?
Do you have any form of phobia or paranoia?
What were you afraid of as a child?
What facial expressions accompany fear?
If you 'put the fear of God into someone,' how do you think that person feels?
Are you afraid you might get sick?
Are you afraid of speaking English?
A foreign language?
In front of many people?
At official functions?
Are you afraid of germs?
What are they about?How often do you have nightmares?Would you ever face one of your fears for money?Do you find this kind of show interesting to watch?A foreign language?
In front of many people?
At official functions?