About how many guests attended your wedding?How many guests would you invite to your wedding?
At what age do most people in your country get married?
At what age do you want to get married?At what age did you get married?
Describe a perfect date.
Describe the appearance of the person you would like to date?
Describe the character of the person you would like to date?
Do women usually work after getting married in your country?
Do you "go Dutch" when dating?
Do you know what it means to 'go Dutch'?
Is it usual for people in your country to 'go Dutch' if you go out together?
Do older girls/boys have a problem dating younger girls/boys?Do younger girls/boys have a problem dating older girls/boys?
Do you believe in love at first sight?Do you think some people know that they will fall in love with someone the first time they meet?
Do you know what a 'blind date' is?
Have you ever been on a blind date?
Did you ever arrange a blind date?
Do you drive or take the train when dating?
Do you get along with your in-laws?
Do you have a boyfriend/girlfriend?Where did you meet your him/her?What does he/she look like?
Do you know anyone who has had an arranged marriage?
Do you know someone who has gotten a divorce?
Do you know the difference between love and like?Can you still love your partner and not like him/her?
Do you think a boy should pay for everything on a date?
Do you think arranged marriages are a good idea? Why or why not?What is your opinion of arranged marriages?
Do you think fairy tales influence our choice of a partner?
Do you think getting married means giving up freedom?
Do you think if you get married that you will change?
Do you think it is better to be single or to be married?
Do you think it is good to get married?
Do you think it is okay for a couple to live together before getting married? Why or Why not?
Do you think it is okay to marry someone of a different race?
Do you think it is okay to marry someone with a different religion?
Do you think it's OK for a man to have two wives?
Do you think it's OK for a wife to have two husbands?
Do you think it's okay for a man to have a mistress?
Do you think it's okay for a man to hit his wife?
Do you think love is necessary to have a good marriage?
Do you think marriage is necessary?
Do you think marriages based on love are more successful than arranged marriages?
Do you think marriage is very stressful for women? How about for men?
Do you think people change after getting married?
Do you think religion influences marriage? If so, in what ways?
Do you think that all adults should be married?
Do you think that you can you find eternal love through the Internet?
Do you want a husband or wife who is older, younger or the same age as you?
Do you want to have children?If so, how many?
Have you ever been to a school dance?
Have you ever had a crush on someone?
Have you ever hated loving someone?
Have your parents ever disapproved of any of your relationships?
How long do you think couples should know each other before they get married?
How many children would you like to have?
How often would you like to go out on dates?
How old were you when you had your first boyfriend or girlfriend?
How old were you when you went on your first date? Where did you go?What did you do?Who did you go with?
How old were your parents when they got married?
If your husband or wife has an affair what would you do?
If your parents did not approve of a person you loved and wanted to marry, would that be a difficult situation for you? Why or why not?
Is going out on dates important for you?
Is there a such thing as a perfect relationship for you?
If you could go out with anyone, who would it be?
If you are a man, and a woman asks you for a date, do you feel you should pay, or that the woman should pay?
If you had to marry either a poor man whom you really loved, or a rich man whom you did not love, which would you choose?
If you had to choose to live with someone who truly loves you but you don't love him back or to live alone for a rest of your life loving someone that doesn't love you who would you choose?
What advice would you give to someone whose partner hates their best friend?
What age do you think is best for getting married?
What are some dating and marriage customs in your country?
What are some of the main reasons people get divorced?
What are some popular places to go on a date?
What are some qualities that you think are important in a spouse or partner?
What characteristics do you look for in a girlfriend or boyfriend?
What do you consider cheating in a dating relationship?
What do you like to talk about when on a date?
What do you look for in a girlfriend or a boyfriend?
What do you think most people talk about when dating?
What do you think of people who get divorced?Would you ever consider getting divorced?
What do you think of same-sex marriages?
What do you think of single mothers?
What is a wedding ceremony like in your country?
What is the best way to keep your spouse happy in the marriage?
What kind of boy or girl do you like?
What kind of clothes do you wear on a date?
What kind of man do you want as a husband?
What kind of person do you want to get married to?
What kind of woman do you want as a wife?
What makes a good husband/wife?
What makes a happy marriage?What do you think are some things that contribute to a successful marriage?
What qualities are important to you in a boyfriend or girlfriend?
What qualities in a partner are important to you?
What was the most boring date you've ever been on?
What was the most interesting date you've ever been on?
What would you consider "the perfect date" for you?
What would you do if your soon to be mother-in-law seems to hate you?
What would your parents think if you don't get married?
When did your parents get married?
Where do you want to go for your honeymoon?Where did you go for your honeymoon?
Where do you want to go on your honeymoon?
Where is a good pace to go on a date in this town?
Where would you like to go on a date?
Which is more important for you, your job or your marriage?
Why do people break up with their partners?
Will you continue working after you get married?
Would you date someone you really liked if your parents did not like him or her?
Would you ever marry someone who has been divorced twice?
Would you introduce your date to your family?
Would you live with your parents after you get married?
Would you marry someone from another country?
Would you marry someone ten years older than you? How about ten years younger than you?
Would you marry someone that your parents didn't like?
Would you marry someone who couldn't speak the same language as you speak?
Would you mind if your boyfriend or girlfriend went out to party without you?
Would you prefer to go out with a quiet or a talkative person?
At what age do you think that dating should begin?Do you think there is any age when a person is too old to date?
Do you know a happily married couple?
Can you name a famous happily married couple?
What do you think is the most important ingredient in a good marriage?
How long is the marriage ceremony in your country?
Who designed the marriage covenant?
What do you think about dating a friend's ex-girlfriend or ex-boyfriend?
Does your first love still hold a special place in your heart? Do you believe that he or she will always have a special place in your heart?
What qualities do you look in your partner?
Do you think its possible to wait for the man or woman you love while he or she is in jail?
What is your definition of love?
Would you wait on a person you were dating for a long time if they joined the army?How about if they went to prison?
What is the best season to get married?
Do you know anybody who has two families at the same time and supports them both?
How many families can you have in your country?
Are there any superstitions on making someone fall in love with you?Have you heard of any successful "love potions?"
Have you ever returned a gift to your boyfriend or girlfriend and later find out that he has given it to his or her new mate?
Do you know of any superstitions connected with weddings?
Would it be important for you to have a "white wedding dress'?
Can you control your partner by playing games?
Why do you think the bride's maids wear white.
When should you introduce your boyfriend or girlfriend to your parents?When you begin dating After you have been together for a while Only when the relationship is serious? 
Why?
Do you like to have boy friend or girl friend in your school or in your classes?
Do you think it is right to continue seeing a person if he has not introduced you to his family yet?
In your opinion is marriage for life?Do you think when people get married it is really until death?
How long does it take for dating to become a relationship?
Is it important to be punctual in your first date? Why?
Would you dress up for a first date? What clothes would you wear?
What kind of place do you think is the ideal for a first date? Why do you think so?
What are your country's norms or laws on displays of public affection?
Do you think it is okay for couples to kiss in public?
How would you feel if your boyfriend liked to keep company with a female friend when you're not there?
How would you feel if your girlfriend liked to keep company with a male friend when you're not there?
If you could go back to your past love, and change what went wrong, who would it be?
Who do you love?

If you had to choose to live with someone who truly loves you but you don't love him back or to live alone for a rest of your life loving someone that doesn't love you what would you choose?
What would you change, if you are given only one chance to do it ?
Whose heart did you break most ? Did you apologize from him\her ?
Have you ever met someone you love a lot but never expressed it?
If your parents forced you to get married with a person who you don't love, what would you do in this situation?
If your boyfriend/girlfriend dated another person, then he/she wanted to return and date you, would you date again?
If your boyfriend/girlfriend dated your close friend, what would you do?
Do you believe that having a permanent love between two person who are living in two different countries is possible?
Do you want your husband to know how you looked as a child? Why or why not?
Do you believe in love at first sight or love after the first night?

How many guests would you invite to your wedding?At what age did you get married?Do younger girls/boys have a problem dating older girls/boys?Do you think some people know that they will fall in love with someone the first time they meet?Where did you meet your him/her?What does he/she look like?Can you still love your partner and not like him/her?What is your opinion of arranged marriages?If so, how many?Where did you go?What did you do?Who did you go with?Would you ever consider getting divorced?What do you think are some things that contribute to a successful marriage?Where did you go for your honeymoon?Do you think there is any age when a person is too old to date?Do you believe that he or she will always have a special place in your heart?How about if they went to prison?Have you heard of any successful "love potions?"When you begin dating After you have been together for a while Only when the relationship is serious? 
Why?Do you think when people get married it is really until death?
Do you think it is okay for couples to kiss in public?Would you marry someone of another nationality?
Are your parents of the same nationality?
What are some advantages of an international marriage?
What are some disadvantages?
Do you want to have an international marriage?
Do you know anyone who married someone from a different country? If yes, what is their experience like?
Do you think it is more difficult to marry someone from a different country?
How would your parents feel if you married someone from a different country?
Do you think that it is good for children to have parents from two different countries? Why? Why not?

Do you think that gay people should be allowed to marry?
