What is the most popular drama/comedy/game show in your country, and what is the story-line (drama) or format (game show)?
Do you like to watch cartoons?
What did you watch on TV yesterday?
What is one of your favorite TV shows?Why do you like it?When is it on?Does you father like it, too?
Do you listen to classical music? Why or why not?
Have you ever been to a play? If so, when was the last time?
Have you ever been to Disneyland?
Have you ever been to the theater?
Have you ever hosted a party?
Have you ever tried water skiing?
Have you ever used a slot machine?
How far in advance do you begin planning a vacation?
How often do you go to parties?
How often do you read comic books?
How often do you visit museums? When was the last time?
Is gambling legal where you live?
Should books be censored?
Do you often go drinking? Where? Who with? How often?
Should movies be rated? Explain.
What are some forms of gambling people do in your country?
What are some games that you don't like to play? Why?
What are some good books that you have read?What is the best book you have ever read?
What are some of the good movies you have seen?
What are some of the most popular amusement parks in your country?
What are some things you can do without spending a cent?
What computer games have you played?Which are your favorites?Which do you think are not so interesting?
What do you do in your spare time?
What do you like to do on a night out?
What do you think of soccer? (baseball, hang gliding, ...)
What games are popular in your country? Why are they popular?
What is your favorite game? Why?
What is your favorite holiday? Why?
What kind of music do you like?
What kind of things do you like to read?
What singer would you most like to meet?
What was the last book you read?
What's the most popular holiday in your country?When is it?How is it celebrated?
What's your favorite magazine? (What are some of your favorite magazines?)
When do you usually listen to the radio?
Where do you usually read?
Who are some of the famous actors and musicians in your country?
Who are some of your favorite actors and actresses?
Who do you think is the funniest comedian?
Who is the most popular entertainer in your country?
Who is your favorite author?
Who is your favorite comedian?
Who is your favorite musician?Who is your favorite female singer?Who is your favorite male singer?Who is your favorite guitarist?
Who is your favorite writer? (author)
Why do some people gamble?
Would you rather go to a bar or a nightclub?
What do you do for fun?
Why do you like it?When is it on?Does you father like it, too?What is the best book you have ever read?Which do you think are not so interesting?When is it?How is it celebrated?Who is your favorite female singer?Who is your favorite male singer?Who is your favorite guitarist?