When was the last time you went shopping?
When was the last time you travel by train?
When was the last time you did your homework?
When was the last time you clean your room?
When was the time you you last skip class?
When was the last time you went on a date?
When was the last time you had a party?
When was the last time you argued with your parents?
When was the last time you had your hair cut?
When was the last time you lost money?
When was the last time you painted your house?
When was the last time you screamed because you were scared?
When was the last time you wanted to forget about the world?
When was the last time you borrowed a book?
When was the last time you bought a CD?
When was the last time you danced?
When was the last time you dialed the wrong number?
When was the last time you drank coffee?
When was the last time you drove for more than two hours?
When was the last time you dyed your hair?
When was the last time you fell?
When was the last time you felt really happy?
When was the last time you forgot where something important was?
When was the last time you got a gift?
When was the last time you had a headache?
When was the last time you had a nightmare?
When was the last time you killed a cockroach?
When was the last time you laughed your head off?
When was the last time you lent money to someone?
When was the last time you played a sport?
When was the last time you saw a very interesting movie?
When was the last time you studied until late at night?
When was the last time you swam?
When was the last time you talked to an old friend?
When was the last time you told a joke?
When was the last time you took a day off?
When was the last time you took a very hot and long shower?
When was the last time you visited your hometown?
When was the last time you watched a soccer match?
When was the last time you went to a good restaurant?
When was the last time you went window shopping?
When was the last time you wrote a letter?
