Do you like spending time at home?
Where do you live and lived before? Who do you live with?
When you were a child, did you have to share a bedroom with your siblings? Did you like it or did you want your own room?
Which part of town do you live in? What are good and bad areas to live in your town?
What would be your ideal living arrangement? house in a city flat studio cottage castleWhy?
What part of your country would you ideally like to live in? capital big city  small town  seaside townvillage  countryside  mountains van island Why?
If you could buy land and build your dream house, what would it look like? old fashioned  modern big  small flat spacious one floor two floors
How many and what rooms would it have? cellarhall/corridor living room bedrooms kitchen bathrooms study guest room TV room library balcony/veranda conservatory attic, roof How big would they be?
Which room is the most important for you in your home?
How would you decorate it inside? wood metal  glass  carpets  tiles  paintings  mirrors  musical instruments  what kind of furniture sofas  table and chairs  fireplace  animal skins 

What colors and lightening would you use?
Do you collect a lot of things?
Is it important that your house is ecologically friendly?
Is it important to have a garden/lawn?
Do you keep plants inside your house? Why or why not?
Do you like having guests / sleepovers in your house?
Do you like spending time in other peoples' houses?
Do you like house parties?
Do you like keeping animals in you house?
Is it important to keep your house very clean or do you feel more comfortable with a bit of an 'organized chaos'?
If you could change one thing about your current house to make it more comfortable, what would it be?
How difficult is it to get a mortgage and buy your own house in you country?
How many generations should live together do you think?
When is good time for children to move out of their parents' house?
Have you ever shared a house/flat with your friends? Was it a good experience?
Are there any rules in your house that make peoples' lives easier? What are they?
If you have lived abroad, what living arrangements have you experienced there? Did you like them?
Do you like staying in hotels? Why or why not?
Who do you live with?Did you like it or did you want your own room?What are good and bad areas to live in your town?house in a city flat studio cottage castleWhy?capital big city  small town  seaside townvillage  countryside  mountains van island Why?old fashioned  modern big  small flat spacious one floor two floorscellarhall/corridor living room bedrooms kitchen bathrooms study guest room TV room library balcony/veranda conservatory attic, roof How big would they be?wood metal  glass  carpets  tiles  paintings  mirrors  musical instruments  what kind of furniture sofas  table and chairs  fireplace  animal skins 
sofas  table and chairs  fireplace  animal skins Was it a good experience?What are they?Did you like them?