What is your all-time favorite movie?
What is your favorite movie?
Are there any kinds of movies you dislike?If so, what kinds?Why do you dislike them?
Do you like to watch horror movies?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books? How about movies?
Do you usually watch movies at home or at a movie theater?
Have you ever seen the same movie more than once?If yes, name it (or them).
Have you ever seen ___? (Insert the name of a movie.)
How often do you go to movies?
How often do you rent videos?
If a book has been made into a movie, which do you prefer to do first, see the movie or read the book? Why?
What do you think of people who talk during movies at a movie theater?
What is the best movie you have ever seen?Who was in it?Why did you like it?Who was the director?
What is the scariest movies you have ever seen?What's the funniest?What's the most romantic?
What is the worst movie you've ever seen?
What was the last movie you saw?Was it good?Who did you see it with?
What's the best movie you've ever seen?
Which do you like better, action movies or comedy movies?
What movie star would you most like to meet?
Who is your favorite actor or actress?
What do you think of reality shows?
Do you think that films can be educational?
Is there a movie you could watch over and over again?
Who's your favorite director?
See any good movies lately?
How much does it cost to see a movie in your country?
Do you usually rent DVD's or videos when you rent movies?
What's one of your favorite movies?
What kind of movie is it?Who's in it?Who directed it?Why do you like it?When did it come out?Where was it filmed?How many times have you seen it?Would you recommend it? Why?
Do you think movies have been developing technology or technology has been developing movies?
What is the most horrible movie you have ever seen?
What kind of movie do you like?
How much do you spend to buy DVD movies?
Are addicted to watching movies?
Do you like to see a movie many times?
Would you like to be an actor/actress? Why or why not?
Do you think action movies are bad for children?
Which do you prefer, to watch movies or to read books?
How much money do you spend when you go to movies?
What do you prefer, animated movies or real movies?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
Do you think historical movies are educational?
Do you like documentaries?
Who is your favorite movie hero?
What do you think about comic books movies?
Can you remember the name of the first movie you saw that made you cry?
What is your favorite classical movie?
Which do you prefer, comedy movies or horror movies?
Have you ever watched a movie twice that you disliked?
Do you ever download bootleg movies?
In your country what common courtesies apply when watching a movie at the cinema?
Have you ever seen a movie in another country? Describe the experience.
What movie ratings are enforced in your country?
What does it mean if a movie "bombs"?
Are movie trailers common at the cinema in your country?
Do you like foreign films that are dubbed in your mother tongue or do you like watching the film in its original form?
What kind of movie would you like to star in? Why?
Do you think there should be more movies made in your country?
What is something that you have never seen happen in a movie?
What things happen too often in movies?
What is the name of a boring movie you have seen. Is there a way to make it better?
How would you make a really bad movie?
Which movie star do you think should die today?
Which movie star should live forever?
Which two movie stars would you like to have for your parents?
If a movie star wanted to marry you, would you divorce your spouse?
If you could be a movie bad guy, which one would you be?
Have you ever thought about what super powers you would like to have?
Which famous person would you like to have for a best friend?
How often would you go to the movie theater if you always had free tickets?
Which movie has the best story ? Tell me about it.
Which horror movie is the scariest? Why?
If they made a movie about your life, what kind of movie would it be?
Which actor or actress would be you in a movie about your life?
Do you want your children to be actors or actresses?
How would your life change if you could do TV commercials?
How would you like to clean house for a celebrity?
Would you let a movie crew film in your house?
Would you like to be a movie extra?
Do you think there is too much nudity in movies, or not enough?
Do you think there is too much violence in movies? Does it affect children?
Do you think a movie has to be expensive to make to become a blockbuster? Why?
Why do some people become famous and others don't?
Would you rather be in a movie, or be given $500.000?
Would you like to be in a television drama?
What kind of character would you like to play in a television drama?
Would you be willing to be on a TV show in only your underwear
What's the scariest movie you've ever seen?
If someone were to make a movie about your life, what would you
want included? Include AT LEAST three points !
When there's a new movie on and you are interested in it, do you usually go to the cinema to watch it or wait and see it on DVD?
What do you think about eating during movies at a movie theater?
What are the different types/genres of films you can watch?
Which ones do you like?
What kinds of books do you usually read?
Do you usually eat something while you are watching a film at the cinema?
Do you think that films should be more educational?
Do you prefer classic films or westerns?
Have you got a favorite?
Have you ever fallen asleep in the middle of a film? Why?
Do you remember which one it was?
Do you choose a film for the plot/story or the actors?
Do you usually choose which films to watch?
What is the longest film you've ever seen? How many hours was it?
Do you like animated films?
Have you seen any of the "Lord of the Rings" or "Harry Potter" films? Did you enjoy them?
Do you prefer watching films in their original version or in your mother language?
If you decide to rent a movie, how do you choose one?
Who chooses the programs the family watches together?
Who holds the remote in your family?
If two people want to watch different programs at the same time, how do you settle the problemShould you read the book before you see the movie?
Should some kinds of movies not be made?
Should children under the age of 10 be allowed to see horror movies?
What common courtesies apply when watching a movie at the cinema?
What kind of movie would you like to star in? Why?
 Do you think there should be more movies made in your country?
 What is something that you have never seen happen in a movie?
 What things happen too often in movies?
 Think of a boring movie you've seen. Is there a way to make it
better?
 How would you make a really bad movie?
 Which movie star do you think should die today?
 Which movie star should live forever?
 Which two movie stars would you like to have for parents?
 If a movie star wanted to marry you, would you divorce your spouse?
 If you could be a movie bad guy, which one would you be?
 Have you ever thought about what super powers you'd like to have?
 Which famous person would you like to have for a best friend?
 How often would you go to the movie theater if you always had free tickets?
 Which movie has the best story? Tell me about it.
 Which horror movie is the scariest? Why?
 Would you be willing to leave your country forever if you could be famous?
 What are some problems that famous people have?
 Would it be a problem if your sweetheart became famous but you didn't?
 If they made a movie about your life, what kind of movie would it be?
 Which actor or actress would be you in a movie about your life?
 Do you want your children to be actors or actresses?
 How would your life change if you could do TV commercials?
Would you like to clean house for a celebrity?
Would you let a movie crew film in your house?
What kind or style of music would it be weird for your parents to listen to? Why?
If so, what kinds?Why do you dislike them?If yes, name it (or them).Who was in it?Why did you like it?Who was the director?What's the funniest?What's the most romantic?Was it good?Who did you see it with?What kind of movie is it?Who's in it?Who directed it?Why do you like it?When did it come out?Where was it filmed?How many times have you seen it?Would you recommend it? Why?