How many English authors can you name?
How many of Shakespeare's plays can you name?
Have you read a translation of any English books in your language?
Have you ever read an English translation of a book originally written in your language?
What sort of books do you enjoy reading?
Do you prefer fiction or non-fiction?
What is your favorite book?
Who is your favorite writer?
Have you ever read a book and then seen a film of that book?
Did you read books when you were a child?
Do you like science-fiction books?
Do you like love stories?
Do you like historical stories?
Has seeing a film ever made you read the book it was based on?
Do you know any American writers?
How many books by Charles Dickens can you name?
Who are the most famous writers in your country?
How many books do you read per year?
What makes a 'classic' book?
How do you believe literature can help you to get familiar with a culture?
Do you think that books are a thing of the past?
What are some of the main differences between a novel and a short story?
How many books do you read per week?
About how many books do you have in your house?
Do you have a library card?Are you a member of any public library?
Do you prefer reading books or short stories?
Who is your favorite character from literature?
Do you like to write your own short stories?Do you keep a journal?
What sort of books do you enjoy reading?
Which book have you read recently?
Do you give books to your friends as a present?If so, what was the last book you gave?Why did you choose that book?
Some people say that "books are best friends". Is that true for you?
Do you have your own library? If so, does that mean you like books?
Some people don't read books or read very rarely, Why?
Are book prices too high to buy in your hometown?
What about authors? Are you selective about authors?
Who is your favorite author?
What is your favorite "quote"?
What literature course did you like best in college?
Why is literature important in our lives?
What kinds of literature do you enjoy?
Do you like literature from other countries as well? If so, what kind?
Do you like authors from other countries as well? If so, who?
Do you like titles from other countries as well? If so, which ones?
What kinds of books or which authors don't you like?
Tell us a little about a book you have read recently?Did you enjoy it?How long did it take to read?Briefly, what was the story about?
Are you a member of any public library?Do you keep a journal?If so, what was the last book you gave?Why did you choose that book?Did you enjoy it?How long did it take to read?Briefly, what was the story about?